Web Template App (GraphQL, MQL, Local Mock) (#8)
mongodb-university/realm-template-apps: web-js/README.md

# MongoDB Realm Web Starter

This project contains the web client for the MongoDB Realm template application. The client allows you to:
- Sign up and log in as an Email/Password user
- Create, check off, and delete to-do items

The client allows you to connect over Realm's [GraphQL API](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/graphql/) or using [remote MongoDB queries](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/web/mongodb/).

> ⚛️ **Create React App**
> This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## How To Build & Run the App

### 1. Download & Install Dependencies

You can download the app from the Realm UI, with Realm CLI, or by cloning this repository:

```shell
gh repo clone mongodb-university/realm-template-apps
cd realm-template-apps/web-js
npm install
```

### 2. Define `.env` Values

> Open the `.env` file and define the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the `.env` file and uncomment one of the following values:
```

- Create, check off, and delete to-do items

The client allows you to connect over Realm's [GraphQL API](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/graphql/) or using [remote MongoDB queries](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/web/mongodb/).

> ⚛️ **Create React App**
> This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## How To Build & Run the App

### 1. Download & Install Dependencies

You can download the app from the Realm UI, with Realm CLI, or by cloning this repository:

```shell
gh repo clone mongodb-university/realm-template-apps
cd realm-template-apps/web-js
npm install
```

### 2. Define the API Type

This app is built to use a pluggable backend API that conforms to the useTodo() hook interface. You
can either use a pure MQL implementation or use your app's GraphQL API.

Open the `.env` file and specify either `"graphql"` or `"mql"` for `REACT_APP_API_TYPE`:

```shell
REACT_APP_API_TYPE="graphql"
# REACT_APP_API_TYPE="mql"
```

> 💡 **Restart to Change Environment Values**
> The app only sources `.env` values once. If you change a value while the app is running, the app continues to use the value that was defined when it started.

> ### 3. Specify Your Realm App ID

Author: I originally had them there actually, but the [spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18vFW-ATTH7W2S-8BM3vZj5WGqWc66jPV_UoR25bPW6Y/edit) has JS using a `realm.json` file (iOS uses `Realm.plist`) so that the backend server can inject the user's App ID & URL in a platform-agnostic way.

> ### 3. Specify Your Realm App ID

Reviewer 2: Oh okay 👍  makes sense then.
